c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\Naloga3.exe.config
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\Naloga3.exe
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\Naloga3.pdb
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\WebDriver.pdb
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\WebDriver.Support.pdb
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\bin\Release\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\obj\Release\Naloga3.Form1.resources
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\obj\Release\Naloga3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\obj\Release\Naloga3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\obj\Release\Naloga3.exe
c:\users\aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\obj\Release\Naloga3.pdb
C:\Users\Aleksander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Naloga3\Naloga3\obj\Release\Naloga3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
